[konnected] Added support for Konnected Pro (#13180)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.konnected/README.md

This binding is for interacting with the [Konnected Alarm Panel](https://konnected.io/).
A module which interfaces with existing home security sensors.

> Konnected is an open-source firmware and software that runs on a NodeMCU ESP8266 (wifi) or ESP32 (pro) device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Konnected is an open-source firmware and software that runs on a NodeMCU ESP8266 (Wi-Fi) or ESP32 (Pro) device.
```

The Konnected hardware is designed for an alarm panel installation, but the general purpose firmware/software can be run on a generic NodeMCU device.

## Supported Things
``

> This binding supports two types of thing modules, which represents the wifi version of the Konnected Alarm Panel and the Konnected Alarm Panel Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding supports two types of thing modules, which represents the Wi-Fi version of the Konnected Alarm Panel and the Konnected Alarm Panel Pro.
```

## Channels

> You will need to add channels for the zones that you have connected and configure them with the appropriate configuration parameters for each channel.

Reviewer: Channels or items? Also, please add new line after header.

Author: Channels. The big difference between this binding and others that I've used is that channels has to be added and configured. I'm not sure if there is another way of doing it, but this makes sense. This design has not changed from the original wifi only version of the binding.

The original binding (only wifi) had 2 channels preconfigured, but allowed you to add more channels for the same zone. You may want to do that if you have a buzzer connected, and the different channels will then represent different tone patterns. 

In the changes from @volfan6415 there were now 4 preconfigure channels, but you could not add more channels for the same zones. So, in this change your could not have different tone patterns for different alarm events. I also felt that it was less likely that someone would be using all the preconfigured channels with the pro device (I will probably not). To avoid being too opinionated about the channels used, I left it to the user to configure the channels needed. I think it's a bit strange to configure channels,  but since this is core to how the binding works, I think it's better to be constant. In for a penny in for a pound.

Reviewer: Thanks for the detailed explanation!

This is commonly used with a piezo buzzer to make a "beep beep" sound when a door is opened, or to make a repeating beep pattern for an alarm or audible warning.
It can also be used to blink lights.

A note about the Alarm Panel Pro.
Zones 1-8 can be configured for any Channel-Types.  
Zones 9-12, out1, alarm1 and out2/alarm2 can only be configured as an actuator.

> For More information see: https://help.konnected.io/support/solutions/articles/32000028978-alarm-panel-pro-inputs-and-outputs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see: https://help.konnected.io/support/solutions/articles/32000028978-alarm-panel-pro-inputs-and-outputs 
```
